Clime of the age of the Hollywood sign?
In these stolen moments the world is
mine? There's nobody here just
us together keeping it hot,
let you lie forever cause we're
the masters of our own fashion?
We're the captains of there's
no way for us to come back cause,
boy, we're cold? Boy, we're cold? And I was like
take off, take off,
take off all your clothes? Take off, take off,
take off all of your clothes?
They say only the good I that
just ain't right cause
we're having too much fun too
much fun tonight,
yeah keeps
us alive keeps us alive keeps us alive?
We dance on the age of the hollywood
line? Till we run out of breath gotta
dance till we die? My boyfriend's back
and he's cooler than ever there's no more night
blue skies forever cause we're the
masters of our own fate?
We're the captains of our soul
so there's no need for us to hesitate we're
all alone let's take control and I was love take
off, take off, take off all
your clothes? Take off, take off take
off all your clothes? Take off, take off take
off all of your clothes?
They say only the good guy that
just ain't right cause
we're having too much fun too
much fun tonight,
yeah keeps
us alive keeps
us alive keeps us alive?
My boyfriend's back and he's cooler
than ever there's no more night blue
skies forever? I told you twice
in our life letterhead there's no stopping now
green lights forever? And I was like
take off, take off, take off take
off all your clothes take off, take off
take off all your clothes? Take off, take off
take off all of your clothes?
Keep us
alive.